[docs] Refactor 'Client Scripts' (#4981)
DevExpress/testcafe: docs/articles/documentation/guides/advanced-guides/inject-client-scripts.md

  * [Inject Scripts Into Iframes](#inject-scripts-into-iframes)
  * [Specify Multiple Scripts](#specify-multiple-scripts)
* [Access DOM in the Injected Scripts](#access-dom-in-the-injected-scripts)

Use [test run options](#add-client-scripts-to-all-tests) to add client scripts to all tests, or [test API](#add-client-scripts-to-specific-tests) to add them to specific fixtures or tests.

## Add Client Scripts to All Tests

Use either of the following options to inject scripts into pages visited during all the tests:

* the [--cs (--client-scripts)](../../reference/command-line-interface.md#--cs-pathpath2---client-scripts-pathpath2) command line option

    ```sh
    testcafe chrome test.js --client-scripts mockDate.js,assets/react-helpers.js
    ```

* the [runner.clientScripts](../../reference/api/runner/clientscripts.md) API method

    ```js
    runner.clientScripts('mockDate.js', 'scripts/react-helpers.js');
    ```

* the [clientScripts](../../reference/configuration-file.md#clientscripts) configuration file property

    ```json
    {
        "clientScripts": ["mockDate.js", "scripts/react-helpers.js"]
    }
    ```

## Add Client Scripts to Specific Tests

> Use the [fixture.clientScripts](../../reference/test-api/fixture/clientscripts.md) and [test.clientScripts](../../reference/test-api/test/clientscripts.md) methods to inject scripts into pages visited during a particular test or fixture.

Reviewer: can you rewrite without using "particular"
can you be more specific?

```js
fixture `My fixture`
    .page `http://example.com`
    .clientScripts('assets/jquery.js');
```

```js
test
    ('My test', async t => { /* ... */ })
    .clientScripts({ module: 'async' });
```

## Provide Scripts to Inject

You can pass the following arguments to specify the scripts to inject:

* [path to a JavaScript file](#inject-a-javascript-file)
* [module name](#inject-a-module)
* [script code](#inject-script-code)

You can also [inject scripts into specific pages](#provide-scripts-for-specific-pages) and [iframes](#inject-scripts-into-iframes).

> > Note that the API methods and configuration option support [multiple arguments](#specify-multiple-scripts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note that the API methods and configuration options support [multiple arguments](#specify-multiple-scripts).
```

{
    "clientScripts": "assets/jquery.js"
}
```

See the details for:

* [command line interface](../../reference/command-line-interface.md#--cs-pathpath2---client-scripts-pathpath2),
* [programming interface](../../reference/api/runner/clientscripts.md#inject-a-javascript-file),
* [configuration file](../../reference/configuration-file.md#inject-a-javascript-file),
* test API: [fixture.clientScripts](../../reference/test-api/fixture/clientscripts.md#inject-a-javascript-file), [test.clientScripts](../reference/test-api/test/clientscripts.md#inject-a-javascript-file).

### Inject a Module

Specify the Node.js module's name to inject its content into the tested pages. Use an object with the `module` property.

```js
fixture `My fixture`
    .page `https://example.com`
    .clientScripts({ module: 'lodash' });
```

```js
{
    "clientScripts": {
        "module": "lodash"
    }
}
```

TestCafe uses Node.js mechanisms to search for the module's entry point and injects its content into the tested page.

Note that the browser must be able to execute the injected module. For example, modules that implement the [UMD](https://github.com/umdjs/umd) API can run in most modern browsers.

> See the details for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See details for:
```

* [programming interface](../../reference/api/runner/clientscripts.md#inject-a-module),
* [configuration file](../../reference/configuration-file.md#inject-a-module),
* test API: [fixture.clientScripts](../../reference/test-api/fixture/clientscripts.md#inject-a-module), [test.clientScripts](../reference/test-api/test/clientscripts.md#inject-a-module).

### Inject Script Code

You can pass an object with the `content` property to provide the injected script as a string.

```js
const mockDate = `
    Date.prototype.getTime = function () {
        return 42;
    };
`;

test
    ('My test', async t => { /* ... */ })
    .clientScripts({ content: mockDate });
```

```json
{
    "clientScripts": {
        "content": "Date.prototype.getTime = () => 42;"
    }
}
```

See the details for:

* [programming interface](../../reference/api/runner/clientscripts.md#inject-script-code),
* [configuration file](../../reference/configuration-file.md#inject-script-code),
* test API: [fixture.clientScripts](../../reference/test-api/fixture/clientscripts.md#inject-script-code), [test.clientScripts](../reference/test-api/test/clientscripts.md#inject-script-code).

### Provide Scripts for Specific Pages

> You can also specify pages into which a script should be injected. For instance, this enables you to mock browser API on particular pages and use the default behavior everywhere else.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also specify pages into which a script should be injected. This will allow you to mock browser API on specified pages and use the default behavior everywhere else.
```
